I must tell you there are certain things of protocol.
When you talk to Me you shouldn’t put your hands like
this, talk to Me like this. You see, that’s not the way.
Normally, if you see, Indians always fold their hands, talking to me.
You see, it’s not the way to talk to Me.
It’s not proper, it’s to- the way you talk here, also.
I think you people use too much of your hand. Otherwise also,
there’s no need to be using all the time
like this and it looks horrid to me sometimes.
And then you- some of you talk to Me, you go
on like this, that’s not the way to talk.
Is a sign that you are not normal.
In a humble way you must talk [doing
namaste]. All right? This is a protocol.
One must know. Best is to talk with folded hands.
Now, in India they don’t call me Mother at all. Not at all.
Like, “Mother” one calls from there:
“Mother” from there, that’s not the way.
They say, “Shri Mataji”, all of them.
Nobody calls Me, have you heard anybody calling Me, “Mother”?
So we have to learn these better methods of
addressing, because that helps us. All right?
So, one has to talk with great grace and
understanding, because you know Who I am now.
So best thing is to use the proper way of addressing. All right?
The more protocol if you heard, the better you will be.
You will really benefit very much more,
because as you address Me, the deities
are so alert, they see you, how you behave.
Very important to be humble. Deities are there, watching all the time,
and they want to see what is your reaction,
how you behave, your protocol, everything.
You have seeing Indians, how they talk. They
have to say something, with eyes little lower,
and they say it- They know Whom they are talking.
Even on the phone, Modi was talking, calling Me, “Shri Mataji”.
Shri Mataji is to be said, not
“Mother, Mother, Mother”. It’s not proper
– all right? – for Sahaja Yogis, because it’s important
now. New people will be coming: they’ll learn from you.